[
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi everyone,<br>\nWe started to work on  integrating a new third-party vocabulary service after SKOSMOS for ontologies, namely Ontoportal.<br>\nThis can be found in this issue <a href=\"https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues/9276\">https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues/9276</a> and this PR <a href=\"https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/pull/10145\">https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/pull/10145</a> ,though they are not yet fully up to date with our latest approach.</p>\n<p>We are now at a stage where we would like to organize a meeting with the community to share our vision, make sure we are not forgetting important elements and maybe get more ideas into the mix :D.</p>\n<p>It'd be great to have at least Jim Myers, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"598112\">@Philip Durbin</span>  and <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"598432\">@Slava Tykhonov</span>  due to your interest and expertise over the topic.</p>\n<p>Here are some propositions for a date &amp; time, we'll add more later if needed :</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Wed 01/17 4PM UTC</li>\n<li>Mon 01/29 4PM UTC</li>\n<li>Tue 01/30 4PM UTC</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Cheers,</p>\n<p>Dimitri</p>",
        "id": 412373264,
        "sender_full_name": "Dimitri Szabo",
        "timestamp": 1704988808
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hmm, that's when we have standup (11am Boston time) but I could probably skip.</p>",
        "id": 412402600,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1704999423
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds like we're meeting Monday, Jan 29. <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"658065\">@Dimitri Szabo</span> posted details here: <a href=\"https://groups.google.com/g/dataverse-community/c/4eTd3kfJeBU/m/m_Y5CpipAgAJ\">https://groups.google.com/g/dataverse-community/c/4eTd3kfJeBU/m/m_Y5CpipAgAJ</a></p>",
        "id": 416214295,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1705520189
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello everyone and thanks again to everyone that attended,<br>\nA bit late, but <a href=\"https://nextcloud.inrae.fr/s/kngfNWZdtKyJAt2\">here is the presentation</a> .</p>\n<p>Following the meeting, the first actions taken :</p>\n<ul>\n<li>adding the 4th metadata field in keywords for Term URIs : <a href=\"https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues/10288\">#10288</a></li>\n<li>splitting the \"central\" issue/PR <a href=\"https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues/9276\">#9276</a> into smaller chunks ( e.g. <a href=\"https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues/10316\">#10316</a>)</li>\n<li>discussion needed about the issue of URI + Ontology acronym needed for Ontoportal in FAIR-IMPACT project meeting</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 422788210,
        "sender_full_name": "Dimitri Szabo",
        "timestamp": 1708598000
    }
]