<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>[A]TMSP ([Anonymous] TSV Metadata Support Group) Â· community Â· Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375707-community/index.html">community</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375707-community/topic/.5BA.5DTMSP.20.28.5BAnonymous.5D.20TSV.20Metadata.20Support.20Group.29.html">[A]TMSP ([Anonymous] TSV Metadata Support Group)</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="343393196"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375707-community/topic/%5BA%5DTMSP%20%28%5BAnonymous%5D%20TSV%20Metadata%20Support%20Group%29/near/343393196" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375707-community/topic/.5BA.5DTMSP.20.28.5BAnonymous.5D.20TSV.20Metadata.20Support.20Group.29.html#343393196">(Mar 21 2023 at 14:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>There was an idea to have a support group meeting about Dataverse Metadata Block Definitions and share some ideas and work that has been done in the recent past with and for those during today's meeting of the <a href="https://www.listserv.dfn.de/sympa/info/interessengruppe-dataverse">German Dataverse Interest Group</a>. Would there be interest here about this as well? (Meeting language would be EN <span aria-label="flag united kingdom" class="emoji emoji-1f1ec-1f1e7" role="img" title="flag united kingdom">:flag_united_kingdom:</span>)</p>



<a name="344641271"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375707-community/topic/%5BA%5DTMSP%20%28%5BAnonymous%5D%20TSV%20Metadata%20Support%20Group%29/near/344641271" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ðŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375707-community/topic/.5BA.5DTMSP.20.28.5BAnonymous.5D.20TSV.20Metadata.20Support.20Group.29.html#344641271">(Mar 26 2023 at 11:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm always happy to talk about this stuff. <span aria-label="happy" class="emoji emoji-1f600" role="img" title="happy">:happy:</span> </p>
<p>I think I'm a little thrown off by the term "support group". Would it meet regularly? How often?</p>
<p>In addition, I'd be happy to dedicate a community call to this topic. Currently, we have pretty full agendas through April 18 but after that there's availability: <a href="https://dataverse.org/community-calls">https://dataverse.org/community-calls</a> . Please just let me know!</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Mar 02 2026 at 13:56 UTC</p>
</html>