<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>DCM25 meeting Â· containers Â· Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/index.html">containers</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html">DCM25 meeting</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="516962631"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/516962631" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#516962631">(May 08 2025 at 19:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>I know we have a <a class="stream-topic" data-stream-id="375812" href="/#narrow/channel/375812-containers/topic/meetings/with/396277871">#containers &gt; meetings</a> topic but I thought I'd kick off a new topic specifically for our container meeting within the DCM25 meeting (<a class="stream-topic" data-stream-id="375707" href="/#narrow/channel/375707-community/topic/.23Dataverse2025/with/464418895">#community &gt; #Dataverse2025</a>).</p>



<a name="516962728"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/516962728" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#516962728">(May 08 2025 at 19:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>I also created an issue for us: <a href="https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse-pm/issues/412">https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse-pm/issues/412</a></p>



<a name="516962749"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/516962749" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#516962749">(May 08 2025 at 19:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>To get prepared, etc.</p>



<a name="516963053"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/516963053" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#516963053">(May 08 2025 at 19:05)</a>:</h4>
<p>On Tuesday, June 10th, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="598183">@Oliver Bertuch</span> is giving a workshop about containers in the morning. Then we have lunch. Then (as touched on during the regular meeting today), we want to all gather in the same room for part 2 of Oliver's workshop plus the containerization working group meeting. Here's a visual:</p>
<p><a href="/user_uploads/53090/s5FlLLg46XC73au4u3eIOmeX/june10.png">june10.png</a></p>
<div class="message_inline_image"><a href="/user_uploads/53090/s5FlLLg46XC73au4u3eIOmeX/june10.png" title="june10.png"><img data-original-content-type="image/png" data-original-dimensions="1049x903" src="/user_uploads/thumbnail/53090/s5FlLLg46XC73au4u3eIOmeX/june10.png/840x560.webp"></a></div>



<a name="516963191"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/516963191" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#516963191">(May 08 2025 at 19:06)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="626369">@Don Sizemore</span> can you please help us adjust the schedule so that we're in the same room after lunch?</p>



<a name="516965423"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/516965423" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#516965423">(May 08 2025 at 19:21)</a>:</h4>
<p>Also, Don, while I'm bugging you, should we expect the in-person meeting to have a hybrid option? I'm fine either way. I'm just updating the website.</p>



<a name="516966021"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/516966021" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#516966021">(May 08 2025 at 19:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm realizing that our next meeting on June 5th is only days away from the in-person meeting on June 10th. Oh well. Maybe it'll be good to have to time to review how we want to handle the in-person meeting. <span aria-label="smile" class="emoji emoji-1f604" role="img" title="smile">:smile:</span></p>



<a name="517113500"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517113500" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Heath Sledge <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517113500">(May 09 2025 at 13:37)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="598112">Philip Durbin â˜€ï¸</span> <a href="#narrow/channel/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting/near/516963053">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>On Tuesday, June 10th, <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="598183">Oliver Bertuch</span> is giving a workshop about containers in the morning. Then we have lunch. Then (as touched on during the regular meeting today), we want to all gather in the same room for part 2 of Oliver's workshop plus the containerization working group meeting. Here's a visual:</p>
<p><a href="/user_uploads/53090/s5FlLLg46XC73au4u3eIOmeX/june10.png">june10.png</a></p>
</blockquote>
<p>Let me be sure I understand what you are asking. As of right now, both parts of Oliver's workshop are already in CSQ Room 6076. Are you saying you want to move the room for both parts of the workshop so that the containerization working group people have space to come to the second part of Oliver's workshop?</p>



<a name="517115543"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517115543" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517115543">(May 09 2025 at 13:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>Well, can the containerization working group fit into room 6076? That would avoid needing to move Oliver's workshop.</p>



<a name="517115622"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517115622" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Heath Sledge <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517115622">(May 09 2025 at 13:47)</a>:</h4>
<p>How many people are in each?</p>



<a name="517115836"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517115836" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517115836">(May 09 2025 at 13:48)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm not sure about Oliver's workshop but last year we had 13 people at the working group meeting.</p>



<a name="517116526"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517116526" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Heath Sledge <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517116526">(May 09 2025 at 13:51)</a>:</h4>
<p>no, they definitely won't fit in 6076 together then, unless the workshop is very small. That room holds 8 comfortably and we could probably fit in 8 more in chairs along the walls.</p>



<a name="517116776"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517116776" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517116776">(May 09 2025 at 13:52)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oh, I see. Obviously, we should get <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="598183">@Oliver Bertuch</span>'s take on this too.</p>
<p>While I have you... usually we run the working group meetings on Zoom. Should we plan on a hybrid meeting or in-person only?</p>



<a name="517117111"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517117111" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Don Sizemore <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517117111">(May 09 2025 at 13:53)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="598112">@Philip Durbin â˜€ï¸</span> we can definitely run Zoom in most any conference room here.</p>



<a name="517117477"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517117477" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517117477">(May 09 2025 at 13:55)</a>:</h4>
<p>Oh, nice.</p>



<a name="517117947"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517117947" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517117947">(May 09 2025 at 13:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>It's hard for me to predict how many people we'll have for the working group meeting but it sounds like a slightly larger room is preferable, if possible. But if not, we'll make it work! Standing room only! <span aria-label="crazy" class="emoji emoji-1f61c" role="img" title="crazy">:crazy:</span></p>



<a name="517118026"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517118026" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Don Sizemore <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517118026">(May 09 2025 at 13:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm an Oxford Orphanage kid and am used to sitting on the floor.</p>



<a name="517120667"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517120667" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517120667">(May 09 2025 at 14:09)</a>:</h4>
<p>We can have a sit-in. <span aria-label="smile" class="emoji emoji-1f604" role="img" title="smile">:smile:</span></p>



<a name="517126137"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517126137" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517126137">(May 09 2025 at 14:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>I'm fine with whatever. Same room would be perfect. If  I need to go to another room that is next door, fine too. If the other room is a mile away, I request a teleporter.</p>



<a name="517126223"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517126223" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517126223">(May 09 2025 at 14:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>No idea how many people will be interested in my workshop, so no idea how many we need to fit in.</p>



<a name="517126356"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517126356" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517126356">(May 09 2025 at 14:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>My only reference point is Tromso and that was like 20 folks IIRC (it's been a while)</p>



<a name="517126692"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517126692" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517126692">(May 09 2025 at 14:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>For Portugal in 2023, I simply wrote <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bjQtkE8e67suNKQvgXPJm2-5TCVpvz8UAOk6626TJEY/edit?usp=sharing">many</a> attendees. <span aria-label="sweat smile" class="emoji emoji-1f605" role="img" title="sweat smile">:sweat_smile:</span></p>



<a name="517126818"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517126818" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517126818">(May 09 2025 at 14:37)</a>:</h4>
<p>Right! The demo! That was like maybe 10 people, rotating to other stuff as well, aye?</p>



<a name="517126968"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517126968" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517126968">(May 09 2025 at 14:38)</a>:</h4>
<p>Did we even have a room? Weren't we all in a big open space with other groups? <span aria-label="thinking" class="emoji emoji-1f914" role="img" title="thinking">:thinking:</span></p>



<a name="517127089"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517127089" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517127089">(May 09 2025 at 14:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>Yes, with chairs.</p>



<a name="517127156"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517127156" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517127156">(May 09 2025 at 14:39)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe someone snapped a <span aria-label="taking a picture" class="emoji emoji-1f4f8" role="img" title="taking a picture">:taking_a_picture:</span></p>



<a name="517127898"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517127898" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517127898">(May 09 2025 at 14:42)</a>:</h4>
<p>If so we should put them on the working group website. <span aria-label="smile" class="emoji emoji-1f604" role="img" title="smile">:smile:</span></p>



<a name="517127991"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517127991" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517127991">(May 09 2025 at 14:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>We should definitely take a group picture</p>



<a name="517128063"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517128063" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517128063">(May 09 2025 at 14:43)</a>:</h4>
<p>We could use AI to add those who are staying at home but are frequent attendees</p>



<a name="517135281"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517135281" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Heath Sledge <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517135281">(May 09 2025 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="598112">Philip Durbin â˜€ï¸</span> <a href="#narrow/channel/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting/near/517116776">said</a>:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>Oh, I see. Obviously, we should get <span class="user-mention silent" data-user-id="598183">Oliver Bertuch</span>'s take on this too.</p>
<p>While I have you... usually we run the working group meetings on Zoom. Should we plan on a hybrid meeting or in-person only?</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Zoom/hybrid is fine--as Don said, all the rooms we booked for these should be Zoom-capable!</p>



<a name="517135362"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517135362" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517135362">(May 09 2025 at 15:17)</a>:</h4>
<p>Fantastic! <span aria-label="tada" class="emoji emoji-1f389" role="img" title="tada">:tada:</span></p>



<a name="517148547"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517148547" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517148547">(May 09 2025 at 16:28)</a>:</h4>
<p><span class="user-mention" data-user-id="598183">@Oliver Bertuch</span> in the <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XZymsjj7EcFagjflYvv7Tn3RCGqGipe3XXOw6to4W2c/edit?usp=sharing">agenda</a>, I'm suggesting that we'll talk about the working group and then switch to part 2 of your workshop. Lemme know if that works for you. And please feel free to edit at will!</p>



<a name="517149596"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517149596" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517149596">(May 09 2025 at 16:34)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe we should keep the WG meeting at a short 20 minutes and let the 2nd workshop start 20 minutes later</p>



<a name="517149702"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517149702" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517149702">(May 09 2025 at 16:35)</a>:</h4>
<p>We have our regular meeting the week before</p>



<a name="517157357"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517157357" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517157357">(May 09 2025 at 17:23)</a>:</h4>
<p>So the working group meeting becomes a 20 minute break between parts 1 and 2 of your workshop?</p>



<a name="517157694"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517157694" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517157694">(May 09 2025 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Maybe? Dunno</p>



<a name="517157701"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517157701" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517157701">(May 09 2025 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Just an idea</p>



<a name="517157725"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517157725" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517157725">(May 09 2025 at 17:25)</a>:</h4>
<p>Suppose we still have enough time to figure out these deets</p>



<a name="517158633"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517158633" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517158633">(May 09 2025 at 17:31)</a>:</h4>
<p>How does this sound?</p>
<ul>
<li>(20 minutes) Introductions and review website: <a href="https://ct.gdcc.io/">https://ct.gdcc.io</a></li>
<li>(90 minutes) Part 2 of Oliver's Kubernetes presentation</li>
<li>(10 minutes) Q&amp;A and how to continue the conversation</li>
</ul>



<a name="517162662"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517162662" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517162662">(May 09 2025 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sounds good to me</p>



<a name="517162683"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517162683" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Oliver Bertuch <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517162683">(May 09 2025 at 17:58)</a>:</h4>
<p>And fits the schedule <span aria-label="sweat smile" class="emoji emoji-1f605" role="img" title="sweat smile">:sweat_smile:</span></p>



<a name="517163512"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25%20meeting/near/517163512" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ğŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting.html#517163512">(May 09 2025 at 18:03)</a>:</h4>
<p>Great, I updated the agenda. We can certainly change it!</p>



<hr><p>Last updated: Mar 02 2026 at 13:56 UTC</p>
</html>