<html>
<head><meta charset="utf-8"><title>CVOC : Support Ontoportal vocabulary service Â· dev Â· Zulip Chat Archive</title></head>
<h2>Stream: <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/379673-dev/index.html">dev</a></h2>
<h3>Topic: <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/379673-dev/topic/CVOC.20.3A.20Support.20Ontoportal.20vocabulary.20service.html">CVOC : Support Ontoportal vocabulary service</a></h3>

<hr>

<base href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com">

<head><link href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/style.css" rel="stylesheet"></head>

<a name="412373264"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/379673-dev/topic/CVOC%20%3A%20Support%20Ontoportal%20vocabulary%20service/near/412373264" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Dimitri Szabo <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/379673-dev/topic/CVOC.20.3A.20Support.20Ontoportal.20vocabulary.20service.html#412373264">(Jan 11 2024 at 16:00)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hi everyone,<br>
We started to work on  integrating a new third-party vocabulary service after SKOSMOS for ontologies, namely Ontoportal.<br>
This can be found in this issue <a href="https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues/9276">https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues/9276</a> and this PR <a href="https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/pull/10145">https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/pull/10145</a> ,though they are not yet fully up to date with our latest approach.</p>
<p>We are now at a stage where we would like to organize a meeting with the community to share our vision, make sure we are not forgetting important elements and maybe get more ideas into the mix :D.</p>
<p>It'd be great to have at least Jim Myers, <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="598112">@Philip Durbin</span>  and <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="598432">@Slava Tykhonov</span>  due to your interest and expertise over the topic.</p>
<p>Here are some propositions for a date &amp; time, we'll add more later if needed :</p>
<ul>
<li>Wed 01/17 4PM UTC</li>
<li>Mon 01/29 4PM UTC</li>
<li>Tue 01/30 4PM UTC</li>
</ul>
<p>Cheers,</p>
<p>Dimitri</p>



<a name="412402600"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/379673-dev/topic/CVOC%20%3A%20Support%20Ontoportal%20vocabulary%20service/near/412402600" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ðŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/379673-dev/topic/CVOC.20.3A.20Support.20Ontoportal.20vocabulary.20service.html#412402600">(Jan 11 2024 at 18:57)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hmm, that's when we have standup (11am Boston time) but I could probably skip.</p>



<a name="416214295"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/379673-dev/topic/CVOC%20%3A%20Support%20Ontoportal%20vocabulary%20service/near/416214295" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Philip Durbin ðŸš€ <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/379673-dev/topic/CVOC.20.3A.20Support.20Ontoportal.20vocabulary.20service.html#416214295">(Jan 17 2024 at 19:36)</a>:</h4>
<p>Sounds like we're meeting Monday, Jan 29. <span class="user-mention" data-user-id="658065">@Dimitri Szabo</span> posted details here: <a href="https://groups.google.com/g/dataverse-community/c/4eTd3kfJeBU/m/m_Y5CpipAgAJ">https://groups.google.com/g/dataverse-community/c/4eTd3kfJeBU/m/m_Y5CpipAgAJ</a></p>



<a name="422788210"></a>
<h4><a href="https://dataverse.zulipchat.com#narrow/stream/379673-dev/topic/CVOC%20%3A%20Support%20Ontoportal%20vocabulary%20service/near/422788210" class="zl"><img src="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/assets/img/zulip.svg" alt="view this post on Zulip" style="width:20px;height:20px;"></a> Dimitri Szabo <a href="https://gdcc.github.io/zulip-archive/stream/379673-dev/topic/CVOC.20.3A.20Support.20Ontoportal.20vocabulary.20service.html#422788210">(Feb 22 2024 at 10:33)</a>:</h4>
<p>Hello everyone and thanks again to everyone that attended,<br>
A bit late, but <a href="https://nextcloud.inrae.fr/s/kngfNWZdtKyJAt2">here is the presentation</a> .</p>
<p>Following the meeting, the first actions taken :</p>
<ul>
<li>adding the 4th metadata field in keywords for Term URIs : <a href="https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues/10288">#10288</a></li>
<li>splitting the "central" issue/PR <a href="https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues/9276">#9276</a> into smaller chunks ( e.g. <a href="https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/issues/10316">#10316</a>)</li>
<li>discussion needed about the issue of URI + Ontology acronym needed for Ontoportal in FAIR-IMPACT project meeting</li>
</ul>



<hr><p>Last updated: Mar 02 2026 at 13:56 UTC</p>
</html>