[
    {
        "content": "<p>I had a chat with ODISSEI a week back or so; we're going to start moving to the development branch, on containers, as soon as possible. That also means a feedback stream with experiences. To investigate how soon that is, I wanted to check beforehand how feature parity is vs 5.13 (especially on metadata blocks and the API), and whether there are any caveats I should be aware of up front.</p>",
        "id": 376545248,
        "sender_full_name": "Thomas van Erven",
        "timestamp": 1689747332
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>You should check <a href=\"https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/pull/9688\">https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse/pull/9688</a> (the PR for 5.14 release notes) for any backward incompatibilities.</p>",
        "id": 376659783,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1689772060
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>license stuff: \"This introduces a backward incompatibility, and if you have scripts that automatically create, update and publish datasets, this last step may start failing.\"</p>",
        "id": 376660209,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1689772141
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And yes, feedback would be quite valuable!</p>",
        "id": 376755761,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1689791047
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Much obliged. I'll start reading, will likely begin experimenting somewhere in the next week.</p>",
        "id": 376869736,
        "sender_full_name": "Thomas van Erven",
        "timestamp": 1689837360
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"601950\">@Thomas van Erven</span> now that we have the alpha tag (<a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"375812\" href=\"/#narrow/stream/375812-containers/topic/.E2.9C.94.20alpha.20tag.20from.205.2E14\">#containers &gt; âœ” alpha tag from 5.14</a> ) you're free to start experimenting, right?</p>",
        "id": 383889589,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1691747063
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeap, absolutely. I'm presently packaging the changed files we have (5 in total) in a mounts folder. For the sake of experimentation it's a very minor override.</p>",
        "id": 383895530,
        "sender_full_name": "Thomas van Erven",
        "timestamp": 1691748188
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Awesome. I'm marking topics as resolved, including this one, but please open a fresh one (or a GitHub issue) if you need anything!</p>",
        "id": 383899481,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1691748968
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"598112\">Philip Durbin</span> has marked this topic as resolved.</p>",
        "id": 383899494,
        "sender_full_name": "Notification Bot",
        "timestamp": 1691748970
    }
]