[
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure how workshops will be covered this year, but I sure am willing to do the workshop+meeting thing again we did last time around.</p>",
        "id": 570585103,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1769613164
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Is an hour enough?</p>",
        "id": 570585221,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1769613187
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Depends on the workshop <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f604\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 570585299,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1769613207
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Lesson learned from last time: don't try to fit K8s in 1:30h. (WG meeting was ~30)</p>",
        "id": 570585422,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1769613234
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, I think <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"739304\">@Felipe GÃ³mez-CortÃ©s</span> is hoping for a yes or no on if we want an hour on May 12th.</p>",
        "id": 570585594,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1769613267
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So maybe this time around I'd do a full day K8s workshop and then an hour would be plenty for such a meeting</p>",
        "id": 570585617,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1769613272
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So a separate 1 hour working group meeting AND you might do a full day workshop? All on the 12th?</p>",
        "id": 570585892,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1769613329
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>\"full day\" was 2x2h last time <span aria-label=\"wink\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f609\" role=\"img\" title=\"wink\">:wink:</span></p>",
        "id": 570585993,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1769613354
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So it would be 2+2+1h</p>",
        "id": 570586061,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1769613367
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>right</p>",
        "id": 570586062,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1769613367
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Ok, well, I think I can safely tell him \"yes\" we'd like to have a 1 hour working group meeting.</p>",
        "id": 570586183,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1769613390
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds good to me, as I'd love to hear feedback from a larger audience about where we should go with all of this stuff.</p>",
        "id": 570586261,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1769613402
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>absolutely</p>",
        "id": 570586340,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1769613420
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Not sure how many people will actually show up <span aria-label=\"smiley\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f603\" role=\"img\" title=\"smiley\">:smiley:</span></p>",
        "id": 570586363,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1769613426
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>yeah, who knows</p>",
        "id": 570586506,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1769613456
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hello, Firstly I apologize if it is not the proper channel for the question but I am posting here as it has recent activity. I am Mahendra, tech lead at <a href=\"https://www.sciencespo.fr/cdsp/fr/\">CDSP</a>, SciencesPo Paris and we have been using Dataverse for a while. We are exploring the migration of our instance on k8s cluster and I did not find any Helm chart to be able to deploy Dataverse on k8s. I saw a repo with Kustomize but there is no recent activity on the repo. I would like to know if there is any WG on creating a Helm chart for Dataverse and if there is no, is there any interest within the community to make one? I have a quite some experience in writing Helm charts and I am happy to work with the community if there is any interest. Please let me know. Thanks!!</p>",
        "id": 571881614,
        "sender_full_name": "Mahendra Paipuri",
        "timestamp": 1770203589
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>2 messages were moved from this topic to <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"375812\" href=\"/#narrow/channel/375812-containers/topic/k8s.20helm.20chart/with/571885870\">#containers &gt; k8s helm chart</a> by <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"598183\">Oliver Bertuch</span>.</p>",
        "id": 571886005,
        "sender_full_name": "Notification Bot",
        "timestamp": 1770205089
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I just heard we should be able to have a hybrid meeting.</p>",
        "id": 573541069,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1770907581
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hey everyone. Just passing along more info about the satellite meetings during this year's Dataverse Community Meeting.</p>\n<p>Working group leads interested in meeting in-person and online on May 12 can use the <a href=\"https://dcm2026.com/registration\">DCM2026 registration form</a> to request a meeting for the working group.</p>\n<p>On the registration form, WG leads will need to include a list of in-person attendees, who won't be let in if they haven't registered and aren't on the list, and are responsible for letting group members know about the May 12 meeting and for any marketing for new members.</p>",
        "id": 573556824,
        "sender_full_name": "Julian Gautier",
        "timestamp": 1770911391
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"598183\">@Oliver Bertuch</span> do you want to request a meeting for the working group or should I?</p>\n<p>Also, any thoughts on how to gather the list of attendees, which we need before we request a meeting. <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 573818714,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1771012557
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I have literally no idea. If we hand in our usual list of suspects, that's just a very low number of folks. Looking at the workshop / WG meeting combo we had last year, that's not gonna fly.</p>",
        "id": 573883836,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1771064289
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yeah. Should we just make a Google Doc and start asking people sign up?</p>",
        "id": 574309370,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1771339782
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Whatever we have I'll be there. <span aria-label=\"slight smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f642\" role=\"img\" title=\"slight smile\">:slight_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 574368996,
        "sender_full_name": "BalÃ¡zs Pataki",
        "timestamp": 1771356205
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Here, I created a doc. To everyone, please feel free to add yourself as an attendee: <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FqpXS73lBnIAr6AJW06O0lGYk2xw8z7k4zAzjdGwmfY/edit?usp=sharing\">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FqpXS73lBnIAr6AJW06O0lGYk2xw8z7k4zAzjdGwmfY/edit?usp=sharing</a></p>",
        "id": 574376751,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1771358972
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Now, thatâ€™s what I call a clean document layout! <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f604\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 574377048,
        "sender_full_name": "BalÃ¡zs Pataki",
        "timestamp": 1771359101
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Please feel free to add some emojis and style <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f604\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 574377202,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ðŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1771359164
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi containers guys, at DataverseNO, we'd have people interested in participating in a workshop on containerized (cloud) deployment on May 12. Do you think you - before the early bird deadline on February 28 - will be able to confirm that there will be such a workshop?</p>",
        "id": 574459149,
        "sender_full_name": "Philipp Conzett",
        "timestamp": 1771406082
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I am in contact with <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"600327\">@Ceilyn Boyd</span> and the organizers <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"739304\">@Felipe GÃ³mez-CortÃ©s</span> et al about this. We'll try our best!</p>",
        "id": 574735505,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1771509827
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Hi <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"651833\">@Philipp Conzett</span> <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"598183\">@Oliver Bertuch</span> <br>\n<strong>Yes!</strong> We have reserved the room for the <strong>Containerization Working Group</strong> to hold their session during the Satellite Meetings on May 12th.</p>\n<p>So please, go ahead and register before the Early Bird deadline and plan your trip to be here in Barcelona on the 12th. We look forward to seeing the Containers group in person!</p>",
        "id": 575274431,
        "sender_full_name": "Felipe GÃ³mez-CortÃ©s",
        "timestamp": 1771844694
    }
]