[
    {
        "content": "<p>I know we have a <a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"375812\" href=\"/#narrow/channel/375812-containers/topic/meetings/with/396277871\">#containers &gt; meetings</a> topic but I thought I'd kick off a new topic specifically for our container meeting within the DCM25 meeting (<a class=\"stream-topic\" data-stream-id=\"375707\" href=\"/#narrow/channel/375707-community/topic/.23Dataverse2025/with/464418895\">#community &gt; #Dataverse2025</a>).</p>",
        "id": 516962631,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746730988
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I also created an issue for us: <a href=\"https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse-pm/issues/412\">https://github.com/IQSS/dataverse-pm/issues/412</a></p>",
        "id": 516962728,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746731026
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>To get prepared, etc.</p>",
        "id": 516962749,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746731033
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>On Tuesday, June 10th, <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"598183\">@Oliver Bertuch</span> is giving a workshop about containers in the morning. Then we have lunch. Then (as touched on during the regular meeting today), we want to all gather in the same room for part 2 of Oliver's workshop plus the containerization working group meeting. Here's a visual:</p>\n<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/53090/s5FlLLg46XC73au4u3eIOmeX/june10.png\">june10.png</a></p>\n<div class=\"message_inline_image\"><a href=\"/user_uploads/53090/s5FlLLg46XC73au4u3eIOmeX/june10.png\" title=\"june10.png\"><img data-original-content-type=\"image/png\" data-original-dimensions=\"1049x903\" src=\"/user_uploads/thumbnail/53090/s5FlLLg46XC73au4u3eIOmeX/june10.png/840x560.webp\"></a></div>",
        "id": 516963053,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746731143
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"626369\">@Don Sizemore</span> can you please help us adjust the schedule so that we're in the same room after lunch?</p>",
        "id": 516963191,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746731180
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Also, Don, while I'm bugging you, should we expect the in-person meeting to have a hybrid option? I'm fine either way. I'm just updating the website.</p>",
        "id": 516965423,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746732102
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm realizing that our next meeting on June 5th is only days away from the in-person meeting on June 10th. Oh well. Maybe it'll be good to have to time to review how we want to handle the in-person meeting. <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f604\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 516966021,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746732338
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"598112\">Philip Durbin â˜€ï¸</span> <a href=\"#narrow/channel/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting/near/516963053\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>On Tuesday, June 10th, <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"598183\">Oliver Bertuch</span> is giving a workshop about containers in the morning. Then we have lunch. Then (as touched on during the regular meeting today), we want to all gather in the same room for part 2 of Oliver's workshop plus the containerization working group meeting. Here's a visual:</p>\n<p><a href=\"/user_uploads/53090/s5FlLLg46XC73au4u3eIOmeX/june10.png\">june10.png</a></p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Let me be sure I understand what you are asking. As of right now, both parts of Oliver's workshop are already in CSQ Room 6076. Are you saying you want to move the room for both parts of the workshop so that the containerization working group people have space to come to the second part of Oliver's workshop?</p>",
        "id": 517113500,
        "sender_full_name": "Heath Sledge",
        "timestamp": 1746797843
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Well, can the containerization working group fit into room 6076? That would avoid needing to move Oliver's workshop.</p>",
        "id": 517115543,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746798431
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How many people are in each?</p>",
        "id": 517115622,
        "sender_full_name": "Heath Sledge",
        "timestamp": 1746798445
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm not sure about Oliver's workshop but last year we had 13 people at the working group meeting.</p>",
        "id": 517115836,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746798497
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>no, they definitely won't fit in 6076 together then, unless the workshop is very small. That room holds 8 comfortably and we could probably fit in 8 more in chairs along the walls.</p>",
        "id": 517116526,
        "sender_full_name": "Heath Sledge",
        "timestamp": 1746798673
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh, I see. Obviously, we should get <span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"598183\">@Oliver Bertuch</span>'s take on this too.</p>\n<p>While I have you... usually we run the working group meetings on Zoom. Should we plan on a hybrid meeting or in-person only?</p>",
        "id": 517116776,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746798736
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"598112\">@Philip Durbin â˜€ï¸</span> we can definitely run Zoom in most any conference room here.</p>",
        "id": 517117111,
        "sender_full_name": "Don Sizemore",
        "timestamp": 1746798825
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Oh, nice.</p>",
        "id": 517117477,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746798920
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>It's hard for me to predict how many people we'll have for the working group meeting but it sounds like a slightly larger room is preferable, if possible. But if not, we'll make it work! Standing room only! <span aria-label=\"crazy\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f61c\" role=\"img\" title=\"crazy\">:crazy:</span></p>",
        "id": 517117947,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746799050
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm an Oxford Orphanage kid and am used to sitting on the floor.</p>",
        "id": 517118026,
        "sender_full_name": "Don Sizemore",
        "timestamp": 1746799076
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We can have a sit-in. <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f604\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 517120667,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746799758
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>I'm fine with whatever. Same room would be perfect. If  I need to go to another room that is next door, fine too. If the other room is a mile away, I request a teleporter.</p>",
        "id": 517126137,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746801249
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>No idea how many people will be interested in my workshop, so no idea how many we need to fit in.</p>",
        "id": 517126223,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746801283
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>My only reference point is Tromso and that was like 20 folks IIRC (it's been a while)</p>",
        "id": 517126356,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746801325
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>For Portugal in 2023, I simply wrote <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bjQtkE8e67suNKQvgXPJm2-5TCVpvz8UAOk6626TJEY/edit?usp=sharing\">many</a> attendees. <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 517126692,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746801421
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Right! The demo! That was like maybe 10 people, rotating to other stuff as well, aye?</p>",
        "id": 517126818,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746801461
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Did we even have a room? Weren't we all in a big open space with other groups? <span aria-label=\"thinking\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f914\" role=\"img\" title=\"thinking\">:thinking:</span></p>",
        "id": 517126968,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746801501
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Yes, with chairs.</p>",
        "id": 517127089,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746801542
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe someone snapped a <span aria-label=\"taking a picture\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f4f8\" role=\"img\" title=\"taking a picture\">:taking_a_picture:</span></p>",
        "id": 517127156,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746801561
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>If so we should put them on the working group website. <span aria-label=\"smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f604\" role=\"img\" title=\"smile\">:smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 517127898,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746801770
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We should definitely take a group picture</p>",
        "id": 517127991,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746801801
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We could use AI to add those who are staying at home but are frequent attendees</p>",
        "id": 517128063,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746801821
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"598112\">Philip Durbin â˜€ï¸</span> <a href=\"#narrow/channel/375812-containers/topic/DCM25.20meeting/near/517116776\">said</a>:</p>\n<blockquote>\n<p>Oh, I see. Obviously, we should get <span class=\"user-mention silent\" data-user-id=\"598183\">Oliver Bertuch</span>'s take on this too.</p>\n<p>While I have you... usually we run the working group meetings on Zoom. Should we plan on a hybrid meeting or in-person only?</p>\n</blockquote>\n<p>Zoom/hybrid is fine--as Don said, all the rooms we booked for these should be Zoom-capable!</p>",
        "id": 517135281,
        "sender_full_name": "Heath Sledge",
        "timestamp": 1746803823
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Fantastic! <span aria-label=\"tada\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f389\" role=\"img\" title=\"tada\">:tada:</span></p>",
        "id": 517135362,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746803846
    },
    {
        "content": "<p><span class=\"user-mention\" data-user-id=\"598183\">@Oliver Bertuch</span> in the <a href=\"https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XZymsjj7EcFagjflYvv7Tn3RCGqGipe3XXOw6to4W2c/edit?usp=sharing\">agenda</a>, I'm suggesting that we'll talk about the working group and then switch to part 2 of your workshop. Lemme know if that works for you. And please feel free to edit at will!</p>",
        "id": 517148547,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746808100
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe we should keep the WG meeting at a short 20 minutes and let the 2nd workshop start 20 minutes later</p>",
        "id": 517149596,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746808483
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>We have our regular meeting the week before</p>",
        "id": 517149702,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746808519
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>So the working group meeting becomes a 20 minute break between parts 1 and 2 of your workshop?</p>",
        "id": 517157357,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746811385
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Maybe? Dunno</p>",
        "id": 517157694,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746811528
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Just an idea</p>",
        "id": 517157701,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746811533
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Suppose we still have enough time to figure out these deets</p>",
        "id": 517157725,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746811550
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>How does this sound?</p>\n<ul>\n<li>(20 minutes) Introductions and review website: <a href=\"https://ct.gdcc.io/\">https://ct.gdcc.io</a></li>\n<li>(90 minutes) Part 2 of Oliver's Kubernetes presentation</li>\n<li>(10 minutes) Q&amp;A and how to continue the conversation</li>\n</ul>",
        "id": 517158633,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746811888
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Sounds good to me</p>",
        "id": 517162662,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746813494
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>And fits the schedule <span aria-label=\"sweat smile\" class=\"emoji emoji-1f605\" role=\"img\" title=\"sweat smile\">:sweat_smile:</span></p>",
        "id": 517162683,
        "sender_full_name": "Oliver Bertuch",
        "timestamp": 1746813507
    },
    {
        "content": "<p>Great, I updated the agenda. We can certainly change it!</p>",
        "id": 517163512,
        "sender_full_name": "Philip Durbin ğŸš€",
        "timestamp": 1746813811
    }
]